PREVIOUSLY ON "WEEDS"...
I'LL LEAD IN THE GODMOBILE.
YOU FOLLOW.
ARE WE GONNA SLEEP
IN THAT THING TONIGHT?
TONIGHT AND THE REST
OF OUR LIVES ON THE LAM.
ANY IDEA
WHERE SHE MIGHT BE?
I WANT TO SEE THOSE WASHERS
GOING 24/7.
THIS FAMILY'S GONNA MAKE HASH.
LOTS OF IT.
WON'T THAT BE NICE?
Shane:
I'M IN CHARGE OF AVI.
YOU GUYS
ARE A BAD INFLUENCE.
WHAT?
YOU'RE NOT A BAD INFLUENCE
BECAUSE YOU'RE A DRUG DEALER.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU'RE A BAD INFLUENCE BECAUSE
YOU'RE A BAD DRUG DEALER.
I'VE JUST REACHED
MY LIMIT...
OF DEEP OUTLAW SHIT,
SO...
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
I DON'T WANT
TO BE HERE FOREVER.
FINE.
YOU KNOW,
I GOT TO SAY,
I THINK THE HOLY SPIRIT WAS
ACTUALLY MOVING THROUGH ME.
YOU DON'T LISTEN.
YOU NEED SOMEONE TO MAKE YOU?
Nancy: MM‐HMM.
YOU GOT LAID.
I WANT TO STAY HERE
FOR A WHILE.
EHH!
Woman:
PIECE OF SHIT SLUT WHORE!
DID YOU HAVE
A GOOD NIGHT?
OH, SHIT.
YEAH ‐‐ DID YOU
HAVE A GOOD TIME
FUCKING SOMEONE ELSE'S
HUSBAND?!
GOD! OKAY, INSIDE.
INSIDE, INSIDE.
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
Andy: SO, WHAT I'M SAYING
[LAUGHS]
WHAT WE'RE SAYING,
REALLY, IS ‐‐
WE'D GO INSIDE THE DISPENSARY
OURSELVES,
BUT SINCE
YOU'RE THE SUPPLIER...
CUT OUT THE MIDDLE MAN, YES.
OUR OPERATION ‐‐
WE GO FROM STATE TO STATE,
SPREADING OUR MESSAGE,
A SOMETIMES GOOEY
BAKED MESSAGE OF HOPE
TO SICK CHILDREN...
ALL PEOPLE IN NEED.
...GLAUCOMIC PEOPLE,
PEOPLE IN OTHER STATES
LESS PROGRESSIVELY MINDED
THAN COLORADO.
WE JUST WANT YOUR TRIMMINGS,
STUFF YOU'D BE THROWING AWAY
ANYWAY.
WE PAY EXTRA.
WHILE WE'RE SPREADING
THE WORD.
SO, YOU'RE DRUG DEALERS?
PRETTY MUCH.
COOL.
♪♪ TATER TOTS AND WHISKEY SHOTS
AIN'T MUCH OF A MENU... ♪♪
NEBRASKA.
ONLY STATE
WITH A UNICAMERAL LEGISLATURE.
THE BIRTHPLACE
OF KOOL‐AID.
NOT SOMETHING
YOU LEARNED ONLINE.
COME ON!
SIX DAYS!
WHAT DID YOU SEE?
I SAW...
A NUN DRIVING A PICKUP TRUCK.
OKAY, BETTER.
KEEP OBSERVING.
LET THE ROAD BE YOUR SCHOOL.
WATCH, LISTEN.
WHAT'S THAT SMELL?
STEVIE.
OH. GO CHANGE HIM.
I ALWAYS CHANGE HIM.
NO! I...
SOMETIMES DO, DON'T I?
DO YOU EVEN KNOW
WHAT SIZE DIAPER HE WEARS?
I'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR ARM?
I DROPPED MY KEYS
IN THE PORTA‐POTTY,
TIRED TO GET THEM OUT.
THERE WAS A RACCOON
IN THERE.
I PUNCHED HIM OUT.
♪♪ OLD TOWN'S RESTAURANT,
HUNGER VALLEY ♪♪
Nancy: SHANE?
YEAH?
IS THERE SOMETHING YOU WANT
TO TELL ME ABOUT STEVIE'S...
POO?
YOU MEAN THAT GREEN COLOR?
YEAH.
I FIGURED IT WAS NORMAL.
WHY? IS SOMETHING WRONG?
IT'S LIKE RADIOACTIVE
WITH GROSS STRINGY THINGS
IN IT.
DO YOU THINK, UH,
HE ATE SOME HASH?
DID YOU FEED HIM
SOME HASH?
NO! NO.
NO.
SILAS AND SHANE ‐‐
THEY POOPED WEIRD COLORS,
BUT NOT GREEN.
AND NOT AT THIS AGE.
NO,
I WANT A PEDIATRICIAN.
[ SIGHS ]
LIKE LEGITIMATE,
ON THE GRID?
I KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE GONNA SAY.
"IT'S TOO RISKY"
AND "RIDE IT OUT."
I KNOW
ALL THE REASONS WHY.
INSURANCE...
THE FORMS,
OUR SHITTY FAKE I. D. s.
YEAH.
MAYBE I'M OVERREACTING.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
OKAY, YOU LOOK AT IT.
YOU TELL ME. GO AHEAD.
OKAY.
WE NEED TO SEE A DOCTOR.
♪♪ ONE PLUS ONE IS TWO,
I KNOW ♪♪
♪♪ THAT IS WHERE YOU START ♪♪
♪♪ I TOOK A SHINY PENNY, PENNY ♪♪
♪♪ PUT IT IN A JAR ♪♪
OKAY, SELL AS MUCH AS YOU CAN.
WE NEED GAS MONEY.
SILAS, YOU'RE IN CHARGE.
SHANE, LISTEN TO YOUR BROTHER.
DOUG, STAY IN YOUR TENT.
10‐4.
SILAS...
REALLY.
YOU'RE IN CHARGE. OKAY?
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
PHISH, DAVE MATTHEWS.
O.A.R.
A WIDESPREAD PANIC TRIBUTE BAND
CALLED RUN SQUIRREL RUN.
MIGHT AS WELL CALL IT "THE
ALL YOU CAN SMOKE FESTIVAL."
YEAH, RIGHT?
HOW THE HELL ARE WE GONNA SELL
HASH AT A KIDS' CONCERT?
ACTUALLY...
THIS MIGHT BE OKAY.
Girl:
MOM! IT'S STARTING!
WE'RE GONNA MISS
THE BUBBLE MACHINE!
JUST ONE SECOND, HONEY.
GIVE ME THAT SHIT.
THANKS.
ENJOY THE CONCERT.
Shane: $25.
I THOUGHT YOU SAID $15.
MAYBE I DID,
MAYBE I DIDN'T.
I'M CONFUSED.
WE'RE DONE HERE.
HEY...
MAYBE I SHOULD SELL,
AND YOU SHOULD SIT
OVER BY THAT TREE.
COME ON.
HE FLAKED.
THAT'S THE THIRD SALE
YOU'VE BALKED.
HAVE A SEAT.
GUARD THE...SAFE.
WHAT?
YOU HEARD MOM.
I'M IN CHARGE.
'CAUSE YOU'RE OLDER.
BECAUSE
I AM MORE RESPONSIBLE
AND HAVE BETTER
INTERPERSONAL SKILLS.
YOU FREAK PEOPLE OUT.
WE DON'T HAVE TO DO
WHATEVER MOM SAYS, YOU KNOW.
[ CHUCKLES ]
OKAY. HOW DO YOU PROPOSE
WE GET GAS MONEY?
I DON'T CARE.
I WANT TO DRINK BEER
AND EAT STADIUM FOOD.
YOU'RE NOT MY BOSS.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M NOT, AND I HAVE
VERY LITTLE DESIRE TO BE,
SO YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU LEAD.
REALLY?
WHERE TO?
FOLLOW ME.
[ CHILD CRYING ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
SHOULD'VE GONE FOR A SEMITE,
OR AT LEAST AN ASIAN.
WE'RE TAKING
A BIG RISK HERE.
NEVER THOUGHT
I'D FIND MYSELF BACK HERE AGAIN.
AT LEAST
THEY LET YOU PAY CASH.
BORING.
WHAT?
PATIENT'S NAME ‐‐ AVI.
NO.
[ BLOWS ]
"CLOVIS LUDWIG
McKENZIE‐NEWMAN."
GOD, YOU USED TO BE MORE FUN,
YOU KNOW THAT?
MISCHIEVOUS.
LIKE A MINX.
MY CHILD IS SICK.
"MOTHER'S OCCUPATION."
THERE.
You know you want to.
SKYDIVER.
OH. INTERESTING.
I WAS GONNA SAY
"HOMEWRECKER,"
BUT SKYDIVER'S
WAY MORE POSITIVE,
PROBABLY SAFER.
"FATHER'S OCCUPATION" IS, UM,
SCRAPPY DO‐GOODER.
OR HUNKY ALPHA MALE.
ROVING SEX GOD.
DEAD.
WHAT? DEAD?
THAT'S EASIER ‐‐ DEAD.
E‐EASIER THAN WHAT?
SAYING I'M ALIVE?
WHO SAID
ANYTHING ABOUT YOU?
I'M THE DAD.
WE'VE CLEARLY ESTABLISHED THAT.
[ Chuckling ]
YEAH, SURE, FOR NOW.
EXCUSE ME?
FOR NOW.
YOU'RE TOTALLY THE DAD.
DADDY ANDY, NOT DEAD.
SEE? LOOK.
I'M WRITING
"RANDY NEWMAN...
DAD."
UM...UH...
DIPLOMAT.
CULTURAL ATTACHé.
SO WAIT.
ARE YOU ‐‐
JUST SO WE'RE CLEAR ‐‐
ARE YOU SAYING...
I'M HERE ON A TEMPORARY BASIS?
THAT YOU'RE ‐‐ WHAT?
PLANNING SOME OTHER
IMAGINARY FUTURE WITHOUT ME?
YOU SAID BE CREATIVE.
Girl: ARE YOU READY TO BOUNCE,
BOOGIE, SHAKE IT,
AND DO THE TWIST?
COME ON,
LET'S GET UP AND DANCE.
[ ZIPPER UNZIPS ]
♪♪ BOUNCE, BOUNCE, BOUNCE ♪♪
♪♪ BOUNCE, BOUNCE, BOUNCE,
BOUNCE AROUND ♪♪
[ GRUNTS ]
HER NAME IS MEDUSA.
♪♪ BOOGIE, BOOGIE, BOOGIE,
BOOGIE ON DOWN ♪♪
Andy: UH, SO...
WE'RE GONNA TELL STEVIE WHAT ‐‐
THAT I'M HIS UNCLE?
I DON'T KNOW.
WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT
WHEN WE GET THERE.
HMM. AND IN THIS
YET‐TO‐BE‐DETERMINED "THERE,"
DO YOU PICTURE ME HAVING
A WIFE/DANISH LOVER, FEMKE,
LIVING WITH US
IN ONE OF THOSE POLYAMOROUS
FREE‐LOVE SITUATIONS?
OR ARE WE GONNA DO MORE OF
A JOINT‐CUSTODY SORT OF THING?
YOU TAKE WEEKDAYS,
I TAKE THE SABBATH
AND ALL MAJOR U. S. HOLIDAYS.
IT'S ALL TOTALLY POSSIBLE,
EXCEPT FOR THE POLYGAMY THING.
POLYAMORY.
'CAUSE I'M JUST ‐‐ I'M CONFUSED
ABOUT THE RULES HERE.
THERE AREN'T ANY RULES.
MM.
BUT THERE ARE.
'CAUSE, CLEARLY, YOU'RE ALLOWED
TO FUCK PEOPLE.
MARRIED BARTENDERS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
BUT ME, NO, GOD FORBID.
YOU CAN...
WHOEVER YOU WANT.
BE MY GUEST.
...AWAY.
OKAY, I WILL.
WORKING ON IT.
GOOD.
YEAH.
SEE THAT NURSE OVER THERE?
DONE.
FEMKE.
WHAT?
DANISH LOVER.
YEAH.
'CAUSE THE WOMEN IN DENMARK
ARE DANISH.
AND THE MEN, TOO.
AND I'M GONNA LIVE
IN DENMARK SOME DAY,
AS LONG AS I'M NOT
IN SOME AMERICAN JAIL
FOR AIDING AND ABETTING.
[ Chuckling ] SINCE WHEN
DO YOU PLAN TO LOVE IN DENMARK?
SINCE FOREVER.
THAT'S MY MOSCOW.
MY SHANGRI‐LA,
MY PITTSBURGH,
MY CANDY MOUNTAIN.
HAVE YOU NEVER READ
ANY RUSSIAN LITERATURE,
YOU UNEDUCATED WOMAN?
[ Sarcastically ]
DANCE MAJOR.
SHUT UP.
I'VE READ STUFF.
I FIGURE
5, 10 YEARS, TOPS, LEFT
BEFORE I START
MY REAL LIFE.
UNLESS, I GUESS,
I'M RAISING STEVIE.
AM I?
RAISING STEVIE?
I DON'T KNOW.
OH. SO...
I TOLD YOU
WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
WHEN?
WHEN WE NEED TO.
AHA.
YOU MEAN WHENEVER YOU'VE FOUND
HUSBAND NUMBER FOUR
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN
I'M BACK OUT IN THE COLD.
I NEVER ‐‐
I'M NOT A SUBSTITUTE TEACHER,
NANCE.
I'M INVESTED.
I NEED TO BE A PART
OF THIS CONVERSATION.
ANDY...
'CAUSE I'M ALREADY A PART
OF THIS KID'S LIFE.
Grab Stevie.
We can get to the door
in less than 10 seconds.
NATHALIE NEWMAN.
NATHALIE NEWMAN?
HERE.
OH.
Man: ♪♪ BA‐BA‐BA‐BA‐BANANA,
KI‐KI‐KI‐KIWI ♪♪
SO YOU'RE
A ZOOBIE WOOBIE.
UNDERSTUDY.
YEAH, THE LEAD SINGER'S TAKING
A "PERSONAL WEEK."
Hepatitis.
[ INDISTINCT SINGING
IN DISTANCE ]
THIS OPENING BAND
SUCKS BA‐BA‐BA‐BALLS.
[ COUGHS ]
TELL ME ABOUT IT, RIGHT?
I MEAN,
A SONG ABOUT FRUIT SALAD?
"F" THAT STUFF SIDEWAYS.
BECAUSE "EAT A PAPAYA"
DOES NOT RHYME
WITH "JOIN THE CHOIR."
OKAY?
IT DOESN'T.
RHYME BUTCHERS.
[ COUGHS ]
WHAT DO YOU GUYS
SING ABOUT?
ANIMALS.
MORALITY.
NICE.
THANKS.
MY GRANDPOP USED TO SING SONGS
ABOUT THIS LAMB
WHO OFFED HIS DAD
AND SHTUPPED HIS MOM.
MM.
AND IN THE END,
THE LAMB THROWS HIMSELF FROM
AN OVERPASS TO ESCAPE HIS SINS.
KIND OF LIKE
MY GRANDPOP.
[ EXHALES ]
YEAH, YOU SEE, THAT ‐‐
THAT IS WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
HUH? OOH!
TINY PRETZEL?
OOH.
I LIKE TO LICK THE SALT
OFF A PRETZEL.
THEN I PUT THEM BACK
IN THE BAG...
IN THE BAG?
...AND PEOPLE EAT THEM.
THEY DON'T KNOW
I LICKED THE SALT OFF.
PEOPLE ARE STUPID.
[ LAUGHS ]
WHAT THE FUCK, ANDY?
UH, YEAH, IT'S ALL GOOD
OUT HERE. JOVIAL ATMOSPHERE.
I'VE MADE THREE FRIENDS,
ALL BITTEN BY THE SAME SPIDER.
THEY'RE CONVINCED THEY'RE
GONNA TURN INTO SUPERHEROES.
I HAVEN'T HAD THE HEART
TO TELL THEM ABOUT SEPSIS.
It was a small picture,
right?
WHAT KIND OF BULLSHIT STATION
IS THAT, ANYWAY?
HEY,
DO YOU LIKE CARTOONS?
YEAH.
What?
NOTHING. IT'S FINE.
EVERYTHING'S UNDER CONTROL.
HOW'S, UM,
GIRAFFE DOCTOR?
LARSON? OH,
WE'VE ONLY SEEN THE NURSE.
I HATE DOCTORS' OFFICES.
THIS WAS STUPID.
THIS WAS A BAD IDEA.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
OKAY, CLOVIS.
LET'S SEE THAT TUSH.
Man:
I CAN SELL YOU BEER,
BUT YOU CAN'T DRINK IT
INSIDE THE STADIUM.
SILAS, YOU WANT PEANUTS?
I'M BUYING.
SURE.
PEANUTS, PLEASE.
THAT'LL BE $20 EVEN.
RIP‐OFF.
JUST PAY THE GUY.
FUCK.
WHAT?
IT'S NOT HERE.
WHAT'S NOT HERE?
THE MONEY.
SHANE, YOU SAID
YOU PUT IT IN THERE.
IT'S GONE.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING?
I GAVE IT TO YOU.
DID YOU ZIP
YOUR BAG SHUT?
I THINK SO.
STOP EATING
THE POPCORN!
GUYS, WE GOT A LINE.
I'M REALLY SORRY,
BUT ‐‐
LOOK, LITTLE DUDE.
PAY FOR THE POPCORN,
OR I WILL BLOW
THIS RAPE WHISTLE...
AND THEN PUNCH YOU.
HERE.
THANK YOU
FOR YOUR PATRONAGE.
YOU OWE ME 20 BUCKS.
YOU OWE MOM $400.
[ COOING ]
SO, RED, WHITE ‐‐
THOSE ARE YOUR DANGER COLORS.
GREEN, LESS SO.
SO GOOD
TO HEAR RIGHT NOW.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
THAT SAID,
I'M LOOKING AT HIS CHART,
AND I'M CONCERNED
ABOUT HIS WEIGHT.
UH, HE WAS ONLY 6 POUNDS,
2 OUNCES AT BIRTH, SO...
YEAH,
BUT YOU WROTE HERE,
HE'S BEEN GOING TO BED
BETWEEN 7:00 AND 10:00?
UH, IT FLUCTUATES.
WE'VE BEEN TRAVELING
AND SEEING THE COUNTRY.
HUH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU KNOW,
I‐I SKYDIVE MYSELF,
ONCE A YEAR
ON MY BIRTHDAY.
YEAH.
OH. GOOD FOR YOU.
YEAH, WELL...
SO, YOU'RE NOT
BREAST‐FEEDING?
MM...FORMULA.
AND WHAT ABOUT HIS MOOD?
NORMAL.
HE'S GENERALLY ALERT,
RESPONDING TO YOUR FACE,
SMILING?
UH, HE ‐‐ HE SMILES.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, WE'RE GONNA CATCH HIM UP
ON HIS VACCINES,
AND I'M GONNA PRESCRIBE
A HIGH‐CALORIC FORMULA.
IT'S THE SAME AS REGULAR
FORMULA ‐‐ MIX IT WITH WATER.
[ Echoing ] AND I RECOMMEND
STICKING TO VERY REGULAR HOURS
WHEN IT COMES TO BEDTIME
AND FEEDING.
YOU KNOW, IT'S ESSENTIAL
FOR INFANTS ‐‐ REGULARITY,
KEEPING THE SAME ROUTINE.
THE KEY
IS ELIMINATING ANYTHING
THAT CAN BE STRESSFUL
FOR THE BABY RIGHT NOW ‐‐
LOUD NOISES
OR INSTABILITY
OR DOMESTIC ISSUES.
BABIES CAN SENSE
THESE THINGS.
AND, OF COURSE, THERE'S
THE LARGER LIFESTYLE CHOICES.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT'D HE SAY?
NOTHING.
STUPID OLD‐MAN DOCTOR.
Boy: IT'S YOU!
IT'S YOU!
KEEP LOOKING.
I CAN'T FIND IT.
IT'S NOT IN HERE.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO
RETRACE OUR STEPS AGAIN.
THERE'S NOWHERE ELSE
TO LOOK.
WE CHECKED
ALL THE TRASH CANS.
SOMEBODY PROBABLY THREW IT AWAY.
IT WAS IN A PLASTIC CUP.
WHICH WAS NOT MY IDEA.
HEY!
SORRY.
GIVE ME MY BEER.
GIVE ME 5 BUCKS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HOW ABOUT A PANINI?
FIND THE CASH,
YOU GET A BEER.
MAYBE IT'S UNDER
THAT DEAD BIRD.
HOW ABOUT
YOU GIVE ME MY BEER,
AND I DON'T TELL MOM
YOU'RE APPLYING TO COLLEGE?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
WE LIVE IN 8 SQUARE FEET
OF SPACE.
YOU'RE READING "HUCK FINN."
WE HAVE NO MORE SECRETS.
DON'T TOUCH MY SHIT.
IT'S COOL.
DO WHAT YOU WANT.
IT'S A CONTINGENCY,
IN CASE MOM DECIDES
TO DRIVE US IN CIRCLES
FOR THE REST OF OUR LIVES.
NOW, WHATEVER. YOU'RE TELLING ME
YOU DON'T HAVE A BACKUP PLAN?
NO.
THE ROAD IS MY SCHOOL NOW.
THIS DUMPSTER'S
MY CLASSROOM.
I'M LEARNING
FROM THIS WASTED PANINI.
OKAY.
YOU FOLLOW YOUR PATH,
I'LL FOLLOW MINE.
COME ON.
WE'RE NEVER GONNA FIND IT.
AND I NEED
ANOTHER BEER.
SOVIET BEAST WE'VE BEEN DRIVING
GETS 4 MILES TO THE GALLON.
MOM'S GONNA KILL ME.
WELL, THEN YOU BETTER
FIND HER SOME GAS.
[ Telephone ringing ]
WOMAN: National Center
for Missing Persons.
How can I help you?
HI.
UH...I'M CALLING IN RESPONSE
TO ONE OF YOUR,
UH, POSTS.
I THINK I ‐‐ I SAW SOMEONE,
MAYBE.
Which case?
BOTWIN? NANCY.
UH...LONG HAIR, BROWNISH.
I FORGET
THE OTHER ONE'S NAME.
IT WAS, UM ‐‐
I‐IT WAS A BABY.
Please hold.
LIPSCHITZ: Federal Bureau
of Investigation.
OH, GOD. UGH.
I THINK THAT WAS HER.
Nancy:
THIS ISN'T WORKING.
I CAN'T RAISE STEVIE
IN THE BACK OF AN RV.
Andy: YEAH, I AGREE.
I LOVE THE ROAD.
NO PLACE FOR A BABY.
IT'S NOT LIKE
I CAN JUST...
SETTLE DOWN
AND PLAY HOUSE SOMEWHERE,
BECAUSE ‐‐ OOPS ‐‐ I'VE
GOT A FUCKING AMBER ALERT
OUT ON ME.
[ Laughing ] RIGHT?
W‐WHERE DID THAT COME FROM?
THAT SAID, I‐I THOUGHT
THE PICTURE WAS GOOD.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I‐I DON'T HAVE
ANY MORE OPTIONS.
EVERYBODY UP MY ASS.
NOW I GOT
THIS FUCKING DOCTOR
TELLING ME STEVIE NEEDS
CHECK‐UPS AND SHOTS.
AND I JUST ‐‐ I'M SO DONE
WITH THIS COUNTRY.
WE NEED TO GO
FAR, FAR AWAY.
COPENHAGEN.
COMPLETE OPPOSITE
OF AMERICA.
YEAH. COPENHAGEN.
CAPRI.
CAPRI SOUNDS NICE.
OKAY. LOOK, I'M GOING TO
COPENHAGEN WITH OR WITHOUT YOU.
SO EITHER YOU CAN
HITCH YOUR WAGON
TO THE ANDY‐AND‐FEMKE
TRAIN,
OR, UH, YOU CAN RAISE
STEVIE ALONE, ON THE RUN.
IS THAT SOME KIND
OF ULTIMATUM?
HEAR ME OUT.
NORDIC PEOPLE.
VERY PEACEFUL.
EXTREMELY LOW CRIME RATE.
HIGH QUALITY OF LIFE.
UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE.
OPEN‐FACED SANDWICHES.
BIKES EVERYWHERE!
I'VE DONE
GOOGLE STREET VIEW.
IT'S LIKE
SANTA'S VILLAGE.
I EVEN GOT A NEIGHBORHOOD
PICKED OUT.
I DON'T KNOW HOW
TO PRONOUNCE IT.
IT STARTS WITH AN "R."
THEIR CORE VALUE ‐‐
GET THIS ‐‐
HYGGE.
IT MEANS "COZINESS"...
AS IN RELAXED, SEDATE,
STRESS‐FREE.
COPENHAGEN.
WE'RE GONNA NEED
PASSPORTS.
OKAY. YEAH.
IT...COULD BE TOUGH,
BUT OKAY.
LOTS OF MONEY.
WELL, WE'LL SELL
LOTS OF DRUGS.
NO. NO.
ONE BIG SELL,
AND IT'S...DONE.
PFFT!
WOW. OKAY.
UM...YOU SERIOUS?
MOSCOW.
ELSA...
FEMKE.
WHATEVER.
IT'S A WONDERFUL
WONDERFUL.
WHAT?
YOU ONCE SAID THAT
TO ME.
I DID?
YEAH.
[ MAN COUGHING ]
[ WOMAN SINGING INDISTINCTLY ]
TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
FOR YOUR ACTIONS.
BE A HERO.
Yeah.
[ GAGS ] I CAN'T.
I‐I CAN'T. THE FUMES.
I'M GONNA BE SICK.
THE WHOLE FAMILY
IS DEPENDING ON YOU.
Do it.
DO IT. DO IT. DO IT.
DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!
DO IT.
GRAB THE CAR'S NUT SACK.
[ GURGLING ]
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
I'M A HERO!
YES!
[ Laughing ] YES.
HM.
I CAN'T TASTE MY BEER
ANYMORE.
YOU DID GOOD.
THANKS.
THANKS FOR THE BLOWJOB.
OH, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY.
GO LIKE THIS. [ EXHALES ]
[ EXHALES ]
OH, NICE.
SOMEBODY HAD A GOOD TIME.
I'LL DEAL WITH THAT
LATER.
UH, I LOST THE ‐‐
$400, GIVE OR TAKE.
NICE WORK.
NICE WORK, SILAS.
MUST'VE FALLEN OUT OF YOUR BAG
WHEN YOU LEFT IT UNZIPPED
SO ANYONE COULD REACH IN
AND TAKE IT.
UH‐HUH.
ASSHOLE.
[ DOUG CLEARS THROAT ]
SO, WHAT'S NEXT?
ANOTHER CONCERT?
PIONEER CITY PART TWO?
MOM?
[ STEVIE COOING ]
COPENHAGEN.
BUT...ONE MORE STOP
FIRST.
OH, MY SISTER NANCY.
WHAT A BIG
FUCKING SURPRISE.
[ CHUCKLES]
OH, THIS ‐‐
UM, THESE ARE MINE.
THEY'RE, UM ‐‐ THEY'RE ALL,
LIKE, A WORK IN PROGRESS,
LIKE ME.
I'M DIVORCED.
YOU'RE CUTE.
I'M SORRY.
WHAT WAS THE QUESTION?
OH, MICHIGAN.
RIGHT, RIGHT.
[ SIGHS]
MICHIGAN'S BORING.
TELL ME ABOUT YOURSELF.
OKAY.
UM, DAD WORKED FOR FORD,
JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE WITHIN
A 30‐MILE RADIUS OF DETROIT.
UH...MOM DRANK A LOT.
UH, THEY'RE BOTH DEAD.
THE HOUSE?
[ Laughing]
IT WAS A TOTAL SHIT BOX.
REALLY.
BUT, UM, I DON'T KNOW.
I LIKED IT.
UH, IT WAS COZY.
UGH.
THERE WAS THIS, UM...
MERMAID MAILBOX
THAT MY DAD MADE.
[ CHUCKLES]
T‐TAKE A RIGHT.
UP HERE. UP HERE.
♪♪ OUT IN THE DARK,
SHAKING HANDS IN THE STREET ♪♪
♪♪ I'M DRIFTING ♪♪
♪♪ DRIFTING AWAY FROM MY FAMILY
TOWARDS MY FOES ♪♪
♪♪ MY MOTHER TOLD ME,
"YOU'LL REAP WHAT YOU SOW" ♪♪
♪♪ WHAT YOU MOST WANT
IS BAD FOR ME, YOU KNOW ♪♪
♪♪ BUT WHEN WE GET SAD,
WE KNOW WHERE TO GO ♪♪
♪♪ WHAT WE MOST WANT
IS BAD FOR US, WE KNOW ♪♪
‐‐ Captions by VITAC ‐‐
www.vitac.com